hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is my review of the Acer V
15 nitro black edition with the skylake
update now this laptop has always been a
very popular device it's relatively
inexpensive it's thin and it performs
well but recently other companies like
Dell and Lenovo and Asus have put out
some really strong competitor devices at
this price point so let's take a look to
see if the V 15 nitro is still a good
purchase alright it's a simple block box
you get the laptop inside it also comes
with some pamphlets and the AC adapter
comes in a separate box the top surface
is plastic but this kind of corrugated
or ribbed texture it doesn't feel
particularly premium but I think it
looks pretty nice and fingerprints don't
show up on this kind of surface the
bottom is a soft touch material and
there's some big rubber feet here and
you'll notice that there's some screws
around and you can unscrew them to
access the internals but it's a lot more
complicated than it seems so after you
remove all the screws you flip it over
and then you can carefully pop open the
keyboard and then you have access to the
two Drive slots but to upgrade or
replace the memory you actually have to
remove the entire motherboard to get
underneath so it's a bit of a gnarly
process but if you need to you can get
it done the build quality overall is
good the screenflex isn't too bad and
the keyboard is also pretty rigid but a
couple things do worry me the first is
that soft touch finish so this is stuff
that's really nice when it's new but it
scratches easily and over time it can
look pretty gross but the other thing is
this silver hinge area so the hinge
itself is fine the mechanism seems solid
but the plastic they use is painted
silver and if it wears off at the
corners and it will over time you'll see
this grey plastic underneath the paint
and that can look ugly but overall it's
a pretty good build
now the specs of the review unit I have
it's a skylake core i7 running at 2.6
gigahertz a gtx 960m
a 15 inch 1080p screen eight gigs of ram
a one terabyte hard drive and it's
currently going for around $1,000 u.s.
so price-wise this is like $50 more than
adele 7-5
five nine but around $50 less than the
Lenovo Y 700 it's also slightly thinner
than both of them now on the right we
have most of the ports so there's a
couple USB 3s a USB 3.1 and Ethernet
jack and the power connection so I
actually prefer my power connection on
the left side because I'm right-handed
for like using my mouse and then on the
left side we have the audio jack and SD
card slot and then another USB 3 port
when you open it up you get that soft
touch material all over and there's a
number pad that shifts the keyboard
again over to the left so the layout is
OK but the arrow keys have that thing
where you might hit shift when you're
trying to press up and the Enter key has
this thing where you know what I don't
even know why they did this it's just
weird
but typing is pretty good the keys are a
little stiff but I like it more than the
del seven five five nine
there is backlighting for the keyboard
but it's red so some people may not like
that and there's also the strip of red
light at the hinge that turns on and off
with the backlighting the trackpad
performs reasonably well it's a smooth
plastic surface but tracking is nice and
it's pretty responsive but the buttons
feel kind of cheap and clicking the
buttons isn't very satisfying but
overall the trackpad isn't bad the
screen is a 15.6 inch 1080p IPS panel
now the color accuracy is fair and it
comes reasonably well calibrated out of
the box but it's not that bright and for
an IPS panel the viewing angles are kind
of poor but for playing games head-on
it's still a solid screen and it's got a
matte finish which I always like now
there is a 4k option which I've seen
it's a nice screen but you'll probably
want to stick with the 1080p simply
because of the battery life which we'll
get into later there's also a 720p
camera up top which looks okay the one
terabyte drive is 5400 rpm it's
expectedly slow and I'd recommend
swapping it out for an SSD if you can
afford it now if you get some faster
drives in there or use fast externals
this machine will comfortably handle
video edits even with 4k footage and
gaming on this thing is great so in the
past when I do notebook reviews I play a
bunch of games that I like I film some
of it and then I talked about my
experiences with them so I don't use
gaming benchmarks because I'm personally
not a fan of putting up
benchmark numbers in a video I mean
there's a ton of websites for that but
I'm not sure what you guys want do you
guys want benchmarks do you want me to
keep it the way it is like I'm totally
open to suggestions let me know in the
comments below so this guy will play
dota 2 and here's the storm really well
on high like easily over 100 frames per
second when you're laning and at worst
like 50 frames per second on teamfights
Rainbow six you can run at high settings
and get over 60 frames per second but if
you really want to play on ultra it
really depends on the map like some of
the maps that are darker you can still
hit 50 60 frames per second with
everything maxed out but if you have a
map that's really brightly lit it can
drop to around 40 frames per second on
Ultra so games like GTA v and witcher 3
you can hit 60 frames per second but
you'll need to be on medium graphics
settings or lower the speakers are
really good they don't have much base
but they get pretty loud and they're
still really clear at maximum volume
even when it's idling the fans will kick
in once in a while but it's a quiet fans
around 25 decibels but under heavier
load the fans can get pretty loud it can
hit 40 decibels when you're playing
games which is actually one of the
louder skylake laptops I've reviewed but
the weird thing is that even with these
loud fans the thermal situation isn't so
good so at the hottest spot
it's almost 120 Fahrenheit and this is
like 15 or 20% hotter than the inspiron
7:59 or the lenovo Y 700 now it gets hot
but I didn't notice any throttling in
games even after a couple hours of full
load so aside from the discomfort of
just higher temperatures it's not that
big of a deal because the components can
handle this kind of heat
it has 135 watt AC adapter and here's a
really big orange for a scale so a full
charge takes a little bit less than two
hours
but battery life on this thing is poor
it's a 52 watt hour battery which is
small even for a 15-inch laptop and I
was getting around two and a half hours
of regular use with screen at 75% and
less than an hour of use while is
playing games with screen at max
brightness so I mean if you lower the
screen brightness you'll obviously get
more about her life but yeah better life
on this thing is short at best
okay recap a servi 15 nitro it's got a
plastic build that feels pretty durable
but the soft touch finish can show its
age if you're not careful it has a 15.6
inch 1080p screen that has nice colors
but it's not that bright and viewing it
on an angle isn't very nice either the
keyboard is decent to type on but the
red backlighting isn't for everyone and
the trackpad is respectable it's one of
the better track pads at this price
point inside the core i7 and the gtx
960m have great performance but the
temperatures run pretty hot there's also
a one terabyte hard drive a spare m2
drive socket and eight gigs of RAM all
of which are upgradeable but it's a
relatively invasive procedure to get
inside there and juicing this is a 52
watt hour battery that'll last you
around two to three hours of regular use
all right so a couple closing thoughts
the V 59 shows a strong performer but
there's a couple things you should be
aware of if you're interested in
purchasing this device first is the
battery life secondly are the thermals
and both of these are kind of a result
of how thin the devices when you have a
thin chassis like this you're just going
to have smaller fans or weaker fans and
you're gonna have less batteries or
smaller batteries and that's what you
get a
device that performs well it's really
thin and it's inexpensive but it runs
hot and the battery life is pretty short
but if those are things you don't care
about like you don't care about battery
life you don't really care about having
a hot laptop this is a good pickup but
if you do care about it you might want
to look elsewhere that's the end of this
review hope you guys liked it thumbs if
you did absolutely loved it it's been
nice I'll see you guys next time